.TH "src/CEException.h" 3 "Wed Apr 13 2011" "Version 0.0.1" "libchessengine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/CEException.h \- 
.PP
Here are defined \fBChEngn::Exception\fP class.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include <exception>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBChEngn::Exception\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Namespaces"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBChEngn\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIContains all typedefs, constants, classes defined in. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef int \fBChEngn::ERROR_CODE\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef std::string \fBChEngn::ERROR_MSG\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIERROR_MSG Empty typedef for nice code :) \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const int \fBChEngn::OK_I\fP = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIUseless code, used as deafult value, for example in copy-constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const int \fBChEngn::CAN_T_FIND_SOURCE_PIECE_I\fP = -1"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed when \fBChEngn::Engine\fP tryes to make ply, but can't find piece which has been moved. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const int \fBChEngn::CAN_T_FIND_DESTINATION_PIECE_I\fP = -2"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed when \fBChEngn::Engine\fP tryes to make ply, but can't find destination piece. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const int \fBChEngn::CAN_T_MAKE_CASTLING_I\fP = -3"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed when castling can't be do. Chech chess rules for cases when this exception can be used. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const int \fBChEngn::PLY_S_POINTER_IS_NULL_I\fP = -4"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed when ply pointer given to ChEngn::Engine::make<PieceType>Ply is equal to 0. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string \fBChEngn::OK_S\fP = 'Everything is ok'"
.br
.RI "\fIUseles message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string \fBChEngn::CAN_T_FIND_SOURCE_PIECE_S\fP = 'Can't find source piece'"
.br
.RI "\fIUses when \fBChEngn::Engine\fP can't find piece which can make give move. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string \fBChEngn::CAN_T_FIND_DESTINATION_PIECE_S\fP = 'Can't find destination piece'"
.br
.RI "\fIUses when \fBChEngn::Engine\fP can't find piece where move destination. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string \fBChEngn::PLY_S_POINTER_IS_NULL_S\fP = 'Given Ply's pointer is == 0'"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed when ply pointer given to ChEngn::Engine::make<PieceType>Ply is equal to 0. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string \fBChEngn::OUT_OF_RANGE_S\fP = 'Trying to acces bad position in table'"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed when uses tryes to get access to whong piece from \fBChEngn::Table\fP. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Here are defined \fBChEngn::Exception\fP class. 


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libchessengine from the source code.
