.TH "src/CEPiece.h" 3 "Sun Jun 5 2011" "Version 0.2.1" "libchessengine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/CEPiece.h \- 
.PP
Here are defined \fBChEngn::Piece\fP class. Most of constants and structs: \fBChEngn::piece_movement_flag\fP, \fBChEngn::piece_color\fP, \fBChEngn::piece_type\fP,.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBChEngn::Piece\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIChess piece. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Namespaces"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBChEngn\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIContains all typedefs, constants, classes defined in. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef const unsigned char \fBChEngn::piece_type\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBPiece\fP type is just a unsigned char. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef const unsigned char \fBChEngn::piece_color\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBPiece\fP color is just a unsigned char. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef const unsigned char \fBChEngn::piece_movement_flag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBPiece\fP movement flag is just a bit in unsigned char. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "piece_type \fBChEngn::unknown\fP = 63"
.br
.RI "\fIUses to present unknown type piece 63 = [00011111]. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "piece_type \fBChEngn::pawn\fP = 1 << 0"
.br
.RI "\fIUses to present pawns. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "piece_type \fBChEngn::knight\fP = 1 << 1"
.br
.RI "\fIUses to present knights. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "piece_type \fBChEngn::bishop\fP = 1 << 2"
.br
.RI "\fIUses to present bishops. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "piece_type \fBChEngn::rook\fP = 1 << 3"
.br
.RI "\fIUses to present rooks. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "piece_type \fBChEngn::queen\fP = 1 << 4"
.br
.RI "\fIUses to present queens. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "piece_type \fBChEngn::king\fP = 1 << 5"
.br
.RI "\fIUses to present kings. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "piece_color \fBChEngn::white\fP = 1 << 6"
.br
.RI "\fIUses to set flag if piece is white ( else flag is not set) \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "piece_color \fBChEngn::black\fP = 0 << 6"
.br
.RI "\fIUses to unset flag if piece is black. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "piece_movement_flag \fBChEngn::moved\fP = 1 << 7"
.br
.RI "\fIUses to set flag is piece has been moved. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Here are defined \fBChEngn::Piece\fP class. Most of constants and structs: \fBChEngn::piece_movement_flag\fP, \fBChEngn::piece_color\fP, \fBChEngn::piece_type\fP,. 


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libchessengine from the source code.
