.TH "ChEngn::Exception" 3 "Wed Apr 13 2011" "Version 0.0.1" "libchessengine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ChEngn::Exception \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBException\fP (const \fBERROR_CODE\fP errCode=\fBOK_I\fP, const \fBERROR_MSG\fP errMsg=\fBOK_S\fP)  throw ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBException\fP (const \fBException\fP &other)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fICopy-constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Exception\fP ()  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBERROR_CODE\fP \fBcode\fP () const   throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet error code. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBwhat\fP () const   throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet exception message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCode\fP (const int code)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fISets error code. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMessage\fP (std::string mess)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fISets error message. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ChEngn::Exception::Exception (const \fBERROR_CODE\fPerrCode = \fC\fBOK_I\fP\fP, const \fBERROR_MSG\fPerrMsg = \fC\fBOK_S\fP\fP)  throw ()"Default constructor: Creates \fBException\fP whith given error code and error message. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIerrCode\fP Exception's error code. Default value: \fBChEngn::OK_I\fP 
.br
\fIerrMsg\fP Exception's error message. Default value: ChEngn::OK 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBERROR_CODE\fP ChEngn::Exception::code () const  throw ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get error code. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Current error code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ChEngn::Exception::setCode (const intcode)  throw ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Sets error code. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcode\fP Error code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ChEngn::Exception::setMessage (std::stringmess)  throw ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Sets error message. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImess\fP Error message 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const char* ChEngn::Exception::what () const  throw ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get exception message. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Current error text 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libchessengine from the source code.
