.TH "ChEngn::BadMove" 3 "Thu Dec 29 2011" "Version 0.2.1" "libchessengine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ChEngn::BadMove \- 
.PP
Implements all exception which will be generated ty \fBChEngn::Engine\fP while trying to make move which i sincorrect.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <CEException.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBadMove\fP (\fBpgn::Ply\fP p, std::string comm, int moveNum=0)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~BadMove\fP ()  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBbindComment\fP (std::string comm)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIBind addiotional information to exception;. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBbindNumber\fP (int num)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIBind move number to exception. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBcomment\fP ()  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet binded information. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBadMove\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (const char *txt)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAppends txt to error message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBadMove\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (const std::string &txt)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAppends txt to error message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBadMove\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (const bool val)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAppends 'true' if val is true, else appends 'false' to error message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBadMove\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (const int val)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAppends val as string to error message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const char * \fBwhat\fP ()  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIBasic information about given exception. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Implements all exception which will be generated ty \fBChEngn::Engine\fP while trying to make move which i sincorrect. 
.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
.PP
\fBexamples/main.cpp\fP.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ChEngn::BadMove::BadMove (\fBpgn::Ply\fPp, std::stringcomm, intmoveNum = \fC0\fP)  throw ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
constructor \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP \fBpgn::Ply\fP which can be done a.t.m. 
.br
\fIcomm\fP Addiotional comment 
.br
\fImoveNum\fP \fBMove\fP number which can't be completly done 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ChEngn::BadMove::bindComment (std::stringcomm)  throw ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Bind addiotional information to exception;. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcomm\fP Additional comment 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ChEngn::BadMove::bindNumber (intnum)  throw ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Bind move number to exception. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInum\fP \fBMove\fP number 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libchessengine from the source code.
