.TH "ChEngn::Move" 3 "Thu Dec 29 2011" "Version 0.2.1" "libchessengine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ChEngn::Move \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherited by \fBChEngn::KnightMove\fP\fC [private]\fP, and \fBChEngn::PawnMove\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMove\fP (const \fBpgn::Ply\fP *, const bool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBmake\fP (const \fBTable\fP *table) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBmoveAndCheckForCheck\fP (const \fBTable\fP *table, const \fBpgn::Square\fP oldPos, const \fBpgn::Square\fP newPos, const bool isWhite) const "
.br
.RI "\fIMoves piece for current table, and check for check. Tyres to move piece form current table, is piece on given square is no \fBChEngn::king\fP and checks is new position check position for given player. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBpiece_type\fP \fBguessTypeByChar\fP (const char character)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBisCheck\fP (const \fBTable\fP &tbl, bool isWhite)"
.br
.RI "\fIChecks for check on table. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBm_isWhite\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBPawnMove\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static bool ChEngn::Move::isCheck (const \fBTable\fP &tbl, boolisWhite)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Checks for check on table. Tryes to found check in given table for given color's player. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItbl\fP - Source table 
.br
\fIisWhite\fP - Player color. True if player's colro white, false in other case. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if check position found. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool ChEngn::Move::moveAndCheckForCheck (const \fBTable\fP *table, const \fBpgn::Square\fPoldPos, const \fBpgn::Square\fPnewPos, const boolisWhite) const"
.PP
Moves piece for current table, and check for check. Tyres to move piece form current table, is piece on given square is no \fBChEngn::king\fP and checks is new position check position for given player. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoldPos\fP - Position from piece will be moved 
.br
\fInewPos\fP - Position where piece will be moved 
.br
\fIisWhite\fP - Player color. True if player's color is white, false in other case. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if new check found 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
only \fBChEngn::queen\fP, \fBChEngn::rook\fP and \fBChEngn::bishop\fP will be checked! 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libchessengine from the source code.
