.TH "ChEngn::Table" 3 "Wed Apr 13 2011" "Version 0.0.1" "libchessengine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ChEngn::Table \- 
.PP
Chess board.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <CETable.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTable\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTable\fP (const \fBTable\fP &other)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Table\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPiece\fP ** \fBtable\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet current table state. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPiece\fP * \fBpieceAt\fP (unsigned int column, unsigned int row) const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn piece at given numeric position. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPiece\fP * \fBpieceAtC\fP (char column, char row) const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn piece at given numeric position. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBresetComplect\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fISet table for beginig gaming. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBTable\fP &other)"
.br
.RI "\fIOverloaded operation =. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &out, const \fBTable\fP &tbl)"
.br
.RI "\fIOverloaded operator << () \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Chess board. 

Provides basic manipulations whis chess table (no matter 'virtual' ot 'real'. Find \fBChEngn::Piece\fP, move them. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ChEngn::Table::Table (const \fBTable\fP &other)"
.PP
Copy constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP - Source. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ChEngn::Table::operator= (const \fBTable\fP &other)"
.PP
Overloaded operation =. Copies given table to current. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP - Source 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBPiece\fP* ChEngn::Table::pieceAt (unsigned intcolumn, unsigned introw) const"
.PP
Return piece at given numeric position. Get piece from table. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrow\fP - Piece's position numeric row. 
.br
\fIcolumn\fP - Piece's position numeric column. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
- Pointer to piece, if row and/or column are invalid 0 will be returned. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBPiece\fP* ChEngn::Table::pieceAtC (charcolumn, charrow) const"
.PP
Return piece at given numeric position. Get piece from table. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolumn\fP - Piece's position column as character, like 'd' 
.br
\fIrow\fP - Piece's position row as character, like '3'. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
- Pointer to piece, if row and/or column are invalid 0 will be returned. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ChEngn::Table::resetComplect ()"
.PP
Set table for beginig gaming. \fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
Function will do changes if table size is 8x8. In another case nothing will be done 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBPiece\fP** ChEngn::Table::table ()"
.PP
Get current table state. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Current table state 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
If you don't gonna change the table use const-version 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &out, const \fBTable\fP &tbl)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Overloaded operator << () 'Prints' table into std::ostream 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIout\fP - Stream for printing 
.br
\fItbl\fP - table to print 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libchessengine from the source code.
