.TH "pgn" 3 "Wed Jun 1 2011" "Version 0.2.1" "libchessengine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pgn \- 
.PP
global namespace for libpgnm  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCommentText\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIProvides comment to move. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBparse_exception\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRepresents exceptions which must be throwed on parsing. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBinvalid_castle_string\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThrows when castle in pgnfile is incorrect format. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBinvalid_ply_text\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThrows when ply is in incorrect format. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBinvalid_tag\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThrows when file contains tag with wrong format. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBinvalid_result\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThrows when file contains result string in incorrect format. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBmissing_result\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThrows when game/file does not contain information about game result. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBunsupported_variations\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBunsupported_glyphs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBbad_pgn_file\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThrows when file in incorrect/invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBFile\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpens and extract games from PGN file and/or compile \fBpgn::GameCollection\fP fo file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGame\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRepresents information about game. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGameCollection\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStores a collection of \fBpgn::Game\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGameResult\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMove\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMoveList\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBParser\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBPiece\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBPly\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSquare\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBTag\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBTagList\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
global namespace for libpgnm 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libchessengine from the source code.
