.TH "pgn::GameCollection" 3 "Wed Jun 1 2011" "Version 0.2.1" "libchessengine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pgn::GameCollection \- 
.PP
Stores a collection of \fBpgn::Game\fP.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <PGNGameCollection.h>\fP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBiterator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInstrument for safe iteration in \fBpgn::GameCollection\fP. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGameCollection\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICostructs empty collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGameCollection\fP (const \fBGameCollection\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructs copy of given collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~GameCollection\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIClears collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGameCollection\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBGameCollection\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fICopies to given collection to current collection. Works like copy constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBGameCollection\fP &src) const "
.br
.RI "\fICompares 2 collections. Collections are equal if each game from source at position \fIi\fP is equal to currect golelctions game at same position. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBGameCollection\fP &src) const "
.br
.RI "\fINegative variant of pgn::GameCollection::operator==. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBGame\fP \fBoperator[]\fP (const int idx) const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns game at given position. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinsert\fP (const \fBTag\fP &src)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBerase\fP (const \fBTag\fP &src)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsort\fP (const \fBTag\fP &key)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinsert\fP (const \fBGame\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fIInserts game to collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBerase\fP (const \fBGame\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemoves all games from list which are equal with given. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsize\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet list's size. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIremoves all games from list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBiterator\fP \fBbegin\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet iterator to first game in list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBiterator\fP \fBend\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet iterator positioned \fBafter\fB last game in list. \fP\fP\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBiterator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISimple iterator. See more \fBpgn::GameCollection::iterator\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBGameCollection\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrints all games from list to given stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::istream & \fBoperator>>\fP (std::istream &is, \fBGameCollection\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead text from given stream and tryes to parse and extract game from it. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Stores a collection of \fBpgn::Game\fP. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "pgn::GameCollection::GameCollection (const \fBGameCollection\fP &src)"
.PP
Constructs copy of given collection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP Source collection 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void pgn::GameCollection::erase (const \fBGame\fP &src)"
.PP
Removes all games from list which are equal with given. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP Remove game. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void pgn::GameCollection::insert (const \fBGame\fP &src)"
.PP
Inserts game to collection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP \fBGame\fP for insertion. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool pgn::GameCollection::operator!= (const \fBGameCollection\fP &src) const"
.PP
Negative variant of pgn::GameCollection::operator==. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP Collection with which must be compaired current collection. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
(! operator==( const GameCollection &src ) ); 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool pgn::GameCollection::operator== (const \fBGameCollection\fP &src) const"
.PP
Compares 2 collections. Collections are equal if each game from source at position \fIi\fP is equal to currect golelctions game at same position. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP Collection with which must be compaired current collection. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
pgn::Game::operator==( const Game& ). 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if collections are equal, false — otherway. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual \fBGame\fP pgn::GameCollection::operator[] (const intidx) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns game at given position. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinx\fP Position of game. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBGame\fP at potion \fIinx\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBGameCollection\fP &src)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Prints all games from list to given stream. \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
pgn::Game::operator<<( std::ostream, const Game ). 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIos\fP Stream-printer. 
.br
\fIsrc\fP Games list to print. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "std::istream& operator>> (std::istream &is, \fBGameCollection\fP &src)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Read text from given stream and tryes to parse and extract game from it. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIis\fP Input stream. 
.br
\fIsrc\fP Games Container. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libchessengine from the source code.
