.TH "pgn::GameResult" 3 "Thu Dec 29 2011" "Version 0.2.1" "libchessengine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pgn::GameResult \- 
.PP
Stores information about game result.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <PGNGameResult.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGameResult\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGameResult\fP (std::string s)"
.br
.RI "\fIExtracts result information from given string, and constructs object by extracted information. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGameResult\fP (const \fBGameResult\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy-constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGameResult\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBGameResult\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fICopies information from other object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBGameResult\fP &src) const "
.br
.RI "\fICompares 2 game results. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBGameResult\fP &src) const "
.br
.RI "\fINegative verion of \fBGameResult::operator==()\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisWhiteWin\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIChecks is result '1-0'. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisBlackWin\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIChecks is result '0-1'. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisDrawn\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIChecks is result '1/2-1/2'. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisUnknown\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIChecks is game's result not '1-0', '0-1' or '1/2-1/2'. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBGameResult\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrints result to given stream. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Stores information about game result. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "pgn::GameResult::GameResult (std::strings)"
.PP
Extracts result information from given string, and constructs object by extracted information. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP Source string. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool pgn::GameResult::isBlackWin () const"
.PP
Checks is result '0-1'. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if black player wins. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool pgn::GameResult::isDrawn () const"
.PP
Checks is result '1/2-1/2'. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if game finished as draw. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool pgn::GameResult::isUnknown () const"
.PP
Checks is game's result not '1-0', '0-1' or '1/2-1/2'. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true If there is no result specified in game, or result is '*'. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool pgn::GameResult::isWhiteWin () const"
.PP
Checks is result '1-0'. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if white player wins. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBGameResult\fP& pgn::GameResult::operator= (const \fBGameResult\fP &src)"
.PP
Copies information from other object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP Source result. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool pgn::GameResult::operator== (const \fBGameResult\fP &src) const"
.PP
Compares 2 game results. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP Source result. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if results are equal(same). 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBGameResult\fP &src)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Prints result to given stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIos\fP Strem to print. 
.br
\fIsrc\fP Result to print.
.RE
.PP
Result will be printed as '1-0' or '0-1' or '1/2-1/2'. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libchessengine from the source code.
