.TH "pgn::Game" 3 "Sun Jun 5 2011" "Version 0.2.1" "libchessengine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pgn::Game \- 
.PP
Represents information about game.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <PGNGame.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGame\fP (const \fBTagList\fP &tl, const \fBMoveList\fP &ml, const \fBGameResult\fP &gr)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructs game with given tags, moves and result. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGame\fP (const \fBGame\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy-constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Game\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGame\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBGame\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy given game to current. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBGame\fP &src) const "
.br
.RI "\fICompares 2 games. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBGame\fP &src) const "
.br
.RI "\fINegotive version of \fBoperator==()\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTagList\fP & \fBtags\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns tags and values. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMoveList\fP & \fBmoves\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns game's move list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBdate\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet time when game was/is finished/going. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBwhite\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet white player's name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBblack\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet black player's name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGameResult\fP \fBresult\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet game's result. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBbindBeforeGameComment\fP (const \fBCommentText\fP &ct)"
.br
.RI "\fISets pre-game comment. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBbindAfterGameComment\fP (const \fBCommentText\fP &ct)"
.br
.RI "\fISets post-game comment. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBGame\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrints game to stream. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Represents information about game. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "pgn::Game::Game (const \fBTagList\fP &tl, const \fBMoveList\fP &ml, const \fBGameResult\fP &gr)"
.PP
Constructs game with given tags, moves and result. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItl\fP A Set of tags and values for current game. 
.br
\fIml\fP list of moves for game. 
.br
\fIgr\fP Result of a game. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "pgn::Game::Game (const \fBGame\fP &src)"
.PP
Copy-constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP Source game. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void pgn::Game::bindAfterGameComment (const \fBCommentText\fP &ct)"
.PP
Sets post-game comment. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIct\fP Comment. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void pgn::Game::bindBeforeGameComment (const \fBCommentText\fP &ct)"
.PP
Sets pre-game comment. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIct\fP Comment. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "std::string pgn::Game::black () const"
.PP
Get black player's name. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Value of tag 'Black'. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "std::string pgn::Game::date () const"
.PP
Get time when game was/is finished/going. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Value of tag 'Date'. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBMoveList\fP& pgn::Game::moves () const"
.PP
Returns game's move list. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBGame\fP moves. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBGame\fP& pgn::Game::operator= (const \fBGame\fP &src)"
.PP
Copy given game to current. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP Source game. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Reference to changed game. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool pgn::Game::operator== (const \fBGame\fP &src) const"
.PP
Compares 2 games. 2 games are equal if is equal their tags, moves, and result. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP Source game. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if games are equal. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBGameResult\fP pgn::Game::result () const"
.PP
Get game's result. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Value of tag 'Result'. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBTagList\fP& pgn::Game::tags () const"
.PP
Returns tags and values. Returns tags with values associated to the game. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Set of tags. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "std::string pgn::Game::white () const"
.PP
Get white player's name. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Value of tag 'White'. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBGame\fP &src)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Prints game to stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIos\fP Stream to print. 
.br
\fIsrc\fP \fBGame\fP to print.
.RE
.PP
Prints tags by one to line, then prints moves, and then game result. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libchessengine from the source code.
