.TH "pgn::CommentText" 3 "Sun Jun 5 2011" "Version 0.2.1" "libchessengine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pgn::CommentText \- 
.PP
Provides comment to move.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <PGNCommentText.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommentText\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommentText\fP (const std::string &s)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructs comment by given text. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommentText\fP (const \fBCommentText\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates object as copy of given one. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommentText\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBCommentText\fP &src)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBCommentText\fP &src) const "
.br
.RI "\fIChecks are comments equal. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBCommentText\fP &src) const "
.br
.RI "\fINegative variant of pgn::CommentText::operator=(const \fBCommentText\fP). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBtoStdString\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIRepresents comment as std::string. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBCommentText\fP &src)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrints comment to stream. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Provides comment to move. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "pgn::CommentText::CommentText (const std::string &s)"
.PP
Constructs comment by given text. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP Comment text. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "pgn::CommentText::CommentText (const \fBCommentText\fP &src)"
.PP
Creates object as copy of given one. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP Object which copy will be constructed. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBCommentText\fP& pgn::CommentText::operator= (const \fBCommentText\fP &src)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP Copies given comment to current object. 
.br
\fIsrc\fP Source object. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool pgn::CommentText::operator== (const \fBCommentText\fP &src) const"
.PP
Checks are comments equal. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc\fP Comment with which will be compaired. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if comments are equal, false in onther case 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBCommentText\fP &src)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Prints comment to stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIos\fP Stream to print. 
.br
\fIsrc\fP Comment which must be printed. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libchessengine from the source code.
