.TH "pgn::parse_exception" 3 "Sun Jun 5 2011" "Version 0.2.1" "libchessengine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pgn::parse_exception \- 
.PP
Represents exceptions which must be throwed on parsing.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <PGNException.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBpgn::invalid_castle_string\fP, \fBpgn::invalid_ply_text\fP, \fBpgn::invalid_result\fP, \fBpgn::invalid_tag\fP, \fBpgn::missing_result\fP, \fBpgn::unsupported_glyphs\fP, and \fBpgn::unsupported_variations\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBparse_exception\fP (const std::string &message)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIRepresents parse exception with given message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBbindParsingText\fP (const std::string &parsingtext)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fISets text which is wrong. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBparsing_text\fP () const   throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGets text which is wrong. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const char * \fBwhat\fP () const   throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGets additional information about exception. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Represents exceptions which must be throwed on parsing. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "pgn::parse_exception::parse_exception (const std::string &message)  throw ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Represents parse exception with given message. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImessage\fP Text message, description of error. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void pgn::parse_exception::bindParsingText (const std::string &parsingtext)  throw ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Sets text which is wrong. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparsingtext\fP Wrong text from PGN file. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const char* pgn::parse_exception::parsing_text () const  throw ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets text which is wrong. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Wrong text fomr PGN file. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual const char* pgn::parse_exception::what () const  throw ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gets additional information about exception. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Additional information. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libchessengine from the source code.
